feat(v3)!: Remove all SQLAlchemy modules in favor of direct advanced-alchemy imports (#4340)
litestar-org/litestar: docs/release-notes/whats-new-2.rst

TODO: Migration instructions

.. seealso::

>     SQLAlchemy usage documentation was available in v2, but SQLAlchemy support was removed in v3. See the
>     `advanced-alchemy documentation <https://docs.advanced-alchemy.litestar.dev/>`_ for API reference

Author: ```suggestion
    SQLAlchemy usage documentation was available in v2, but SQLAlchemy support was moved into a move comprehensive standalone library for v3. See the
    `advanced-alchemy documentation <https://docs.advanced-alchemy.litestar.dev/>`_ for API reference
```
